1. No Bullying - Bullying in this server is not tolerated, this is meant to be a friendly environment towards other people and players.
2. No NSFW content - NSFW content such as pornography or content similar to it is NOT allowed at at. This is an environment for all ages. 
3. No racism/bigotry - Racism or bigotry towards other people in this server will result in a punishment, depending on the offense. An example of this would be calling someone the 'N' word, which will easily get you punished. There is no reason why you should act like an idiot and try to judge someone based off of their ethnicity, race, religion, or sexual orientation.
4. No spamming - Spamming in this server will not be tolerated, you will be muted instantly by administrators in this server.
5. NO DRAMA/CONFLICTS - These are one of the rules that are STRICTLY ENFORCED. We do NOT have any time for drama, conflicts, or any gossip. Please take your issue somewhere else and don't bring it here.
6. Follow Discord ToS at all times! - This is still a Discord server. Please continue to comply to their Terms of Service!
7. No suicidal jokes - Suicidal or self-harm jokes are not tolerated in this Discord server. This also includes wishing someone to go kill themselves.
8. No mass pinging or ghost pinging - Ghost pinging someone (Pinging somebody then deleting the message) and mass pinging other people will not be tolerated in this server. This will result in a mute, depending on the offense.
9. Keep stuff in the correct channel! - Please remember to keep certain things in certain channels. If you're talking about anything related to Pinewood or upcoming Syndicate raids, please talk about that in the #general text channel. If you're talking about something off-topic, please take your off-topic conversation to the #off-topic text channel. This includes memes, images, and other things. If you're posting a raid screenshot, post them in the #raid-screenshots.
10. You must be at least 13 years old to be here. In order to comply with Discord ToS, we are required to remove anyone under 13 years old. If you tell us that you are 12 or younger, you will be muted until you can provide a valid claim that you are 13+. If you do not provide valid proof in a timely manner, we will be forced to remove you from the server. Even if you are older than 13, it is still preferred that you keep discussion of your age to a minimum.